The kinds of things that you need to go to know about your team members
is what their strengths are. Sometimes you have some new recruits
in. Sometimes you have someone who's been there longer than you have.
Even as a as a leader, You have some of the people who are who don't
want to really be there. You have some people who are reckless. You
have some people who are just need more training. You have to know
everybody's individual trades. Um, for your superstars, you get them
to do the main tasks, and you have them train the people who don't
know as much, especially the new people for the ones who aren't very
safe. You do not want to put them in charge of reactor safety, right?
You have to make sure that, like, um, they go through some training
process to where they get, um, the correct training or they never
do that job in the first place. Um, yeah, it's It's pretty obvious
who goes where after you've been there for a while, and you know everyone's
characteristics